content/pages/k2-observing/k2-campaign-fields.md, before:

Title: K2 Campaign fields
Save_as: k2-fields.html

[TOC]

Each K2 Campaign has a duration of approximately 80 days 
and remains fixed upon a single boresight position. 
This page details the previous, current, and future K2 Campaign fields.

## Campaigns overview

### Observed and planned

<a href="images/k2/fieldsFor2017.v3.png"><img src="images/k2/fieldsFor2017.v3.png" class="img-responsive" alt="K2 campaign fields on the sky"></a>

<div class="panel panel-primary">
  <div class="panel-heading">
    <h3 class="panel-title">Field dates and positions</h3>
  </div>
  <div class="panel-body">


<table class="table table-striped table-hover" style="font-size: 0.77em;">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="vertical-align: middle;">Field</th>
      <th style="vertical-align: middle;">Start</th>
      <th style="vertical-align: middle;">Stop</th>
      <th style="vertical-align: middle;">Data<br>available</th>
      <th style="vertical-align: middle;">RA</th>
      <th style="vertical-align: middle;">Dec</th>
      <th style="vertical-align: middle;" class="text-center">Target<br>list</th>
      <th style="vertical-align: middle;" class="text-center">Release<br>notes</th>
      <th style="vertical-align: middle;">Comments</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>

  <tdata>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c0">0</a></td>
      <td>2014&nbsp;Mar&nbsp;08</td>
      <td>2014&nbsp;May&nbsp;27</td>
      <td>2014&nbsp;Sep&nbsp;08</td>
      <td>06:33:11</td>
      <td>+21:35:16</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-approved-programs.html#campaign-0"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-data-release-notes.html#k2-campaign-0"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td style="min-width: 12em;">
        Near Galactic Anti-center, M35, NGC 2158
      </td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c1">1</a></td>
      <td>2014&nbsp;May&nbsp;30</td>
      <td>2014&nbsp;Aug&nbsp;21</td>
      <td>2014&nbsp;Dec&nbsp;23</td>
      <td>11:35:46</td>
      <td>+01:25:02</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-approved-programs.html#campaign-1"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-data-release-notes.html#k2-campaign-1"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td>North Galactic Cap</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c2">2</a></td>
      <td>2014 Aug 23</td>
      <td>2014 Nov 13</td>
      <td>2015 Mar 16</td>
      <td>16:24:30</td>
      <td>-22:26:50</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-approved-programs.html#campaign-2"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-data-release-notes.html#k2-campaign-2"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td>Near Gal Center, M4, M80, M19, Upr Sco, &rho; Oph</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c3">3</a></td>
      <td>2014 Nov 14</td>
      <td>2015 Feb 03</td>
      <td>2015 Jul 17</td>
      <td>22:26:40</td>
      <td>-11:05:48</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-approved-programs.html#campaign-3"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-data-release-notes.html#k2-campaign-3"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td>South Galactic Cap, Neptune</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c4">4</a></td>
      <td>2015 Feb 07</td>
      <td>2015 Apr 23</td>
      <td>2015 Sep 04</td>
      <td>03:56:18</td>
      <td>+18:39:38</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-approved-programs.html#campaign-4"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-data-release-notes.html#k2-campaign-4"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td>M45 (Pleiades), NGC1647, Hyades</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c5">5</a></td>
      <td>2015 Apr 27</td>
      <td>2015 Jul 10</td>
      <td>2015 Oct 29</td>
      <td>08:40:38</td>
      <td>+16:49:47</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-approved-programs.html#campaign-5"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-data-release-notes.html#k2-campaign-5"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td>M44 (Beehive), M67</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c6">6</a></td>
      <td>2015 Jul 14</td>
      <td>2015 Sep 30</td>
      <td>2016 Jan 25</td>
      <td>13:39:28</td>
      <td>-11:17:43</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-approved-programs.html#campaign-6"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td class="text-center"></td>
      <td>North Galactic Cap</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c7">7</a></td>
      <td>2015 Oct 04</td>
      <td>2015 Dec 26</td>
      <td>2016 Mar 28</td>
      <td>19:11:19</td>
      <td>-23:21:36</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-approved-programs.html#campaign-7"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">

      </td>
      <td>Near Galactic Center, NGC 6717, Pluto</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c8">8</a></td>
      <td>2016 Jan 03</td>
      <td>2016 Mar 23</td>
      <td>2016 Jun 19</td>
      <td>01:05:21</td>
      <td>+05:15:44</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-approved-programs.html#campaign-8"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td>Uranus, IC1613</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c9">9</a><sup>†</sup></td>
      <td>2016 Apr 07</td>
      <td>2016 Jul 01</td>
      <td>2016 Sep 26</td>
      <td>18:01:25</td>
      <td>-21:46:47</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td>Gal Center, M21, M18, M25, M8, Earth, Mars</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c10">10</a></td>
      <td>2016 Jul 06</td>
      <td>2016 Sep 20</td>
      <td>2016 Dec 22</td>
      <td>12:27:07</td>
      <td>-04:01:38</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td>North Galactic Cap</td>
    </tr>

 <tr>
      <td><a href="#c11">11</a></td>
      <td>2016 Sep 24</td>
      <td>2016 Dec 08</td>
      <td>2017 Mar 13</td>
      <td>17:21:33</td>
      <td>-23:58:33</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td>Galactic Center, Saturn</td>
      </tr>

  <tr>
      <td><a href="#c12">12</a></td>
      <td>2016 Dec 15</td>
      <td>2017 Mar 04</td>
      <td>2017 May 28</td>
      <td>23:26:43</td>
      <td>-05:05:44</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td>South Galactic Cap, Chiron, Mars</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c13">13</a></td>
      <td>2017 Mar 08</td>
      <td>2017 May 27</td>
      <td>2017 Aug 26</td>
      <td>04:51:11</td>
      <td>+20:47:11</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td>Hyades, Taurus</td>
    </tr>

  </tdata>
</table>

  <p>
  <b><sup>†</sup>Note:</b> field 9 is a forward-facing campaign (+VV), enabling simultaneous observations to be made from the ground.
  </p>

  </div>
</div>


<hr>

### Future (preliminary)

<p>
The fields below indicate fields being considered for Campaign 14 and beyond. 
The coordinates are not final and ***will*** change to optimise science
and accommodate engineering constraints (e.g. the availability of guide stars).
</p>

<p>
We encourage the community to provide input on the placement of these fields.
</p>

<a href="images/k2/proposed-future-fields.png"><img src="images/k2/proposed-future-fields.png" class="img-responsive"></a>

<div class="panel panel-primary">
  <div class="panel-heading">
    <h3 class="panel-title">Proposed future fields</h3>
  </div>
  <div class="panel-body">

<table class="table table-striped table-hover" style="font-size: 0.9em;">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Field</th>
      <th>Start after<sup>†</sup></th>
      <th>End before<sup>†</sup></th>
      <th>RA (J2000)</th>
      <th>Dec (J2000)</th>
      <th>Comments</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tdata>
    <tr>
      <td>14</td>
      <td>2017 May 31</td>
      <td>2017 Aug 19</td>
      <td>10:39:52.08</td>
      <td>+07:07:56.5</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>15</td>
      <td>2017 Aug 23</td>
      <td>2017 Nov 08</td>
      <td>15:26:24.31</td>
      <td>-19:36:29.5</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>16</td>
      <td>2017 Nov 20</td>
      <td>2018 Feb 9</td>
      <td>21:23:59.19</td>
      <td>-16:27:21.4</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>17<sup>††</sup></td>
      <td>2018 Feb 1</td>
      <td>2018 Apr 22</td>
      <td>12:33:23.94</td>
      <td>-01:57:31.2</td>
      <td>Forward-facing</td>
    </tr>
  </tdata>
</table>
<p>
<b><sup>†</sup>Note:</b> the dates shown are the <i>earliest possible</i> start dates, and the <i>latest possible</i> end dates.  The feasible date ranges of these campaigns overlap slightly to allow for some flexibility
in the final choice of dates and positions.</p>
<p>
<b><sup>††</sup>Note:</b> field 17 is proposed to be a forward-facing campaign (+VV), enabling simultaneous observations to be made from the ground
during the campaign.
</p>

  </div>
</div>

<hr/>


## Fields of view

### Footprint plots

<div class="row">
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c0">Campaign 0</b>
    <a href="images/k2/field0-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/k2/field0-final.png"></a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c1">Campaign 1</b>
    <a href="images/k2/field1-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/k2/field1-final.png"></a>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="row">
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c2">Campaign 2</b>
    <a href="images/k2/field2-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/k2/field2-final.png"></a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c3">Campaign 3</b>
    <a href="images/k2/field3-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/k2/field3-final.png"></a>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="row">
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c4">Campaign 4</b>
    <a href="images/k2/field4-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/k2/field4-final.png"></a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c5">Campaign 5</b>
    <a href="images/k2/field5-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/k2/field5-final.png"></a>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="row">
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c6">Campaign 6</b>
    <a href="images/k2/field6-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/k2/field6-final.png"></a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c7">Campaign 7</b>
    <a href="images/k2/field7-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/k2/field7-final.png"></a>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="row">
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c8">Campaign 8</b>
    <a href="images/k2/field8-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/k2/field8-final.png"></a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c9">Campaign 9</b>
    <a href="images/campaign_selected/field9-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/campaign_selected/field9-final.png"></a>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="row">
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c10">Campaign 10</b>
    <a href="images/campaign_selected/field10-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/campaign_selected/field10-final.png"></a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c11">Campaign 11</b>
    <a href="images/campaign_selected/field11-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/campaign_selected/field11-final.png"></a>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="row">
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c12">Campaign 12</b>
    <a href="images/campaign_selected/field12-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/campaign_selected/field12-final.png"></a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c13">Campaign 13</b>
    <a href="images/campaign_selected/field13-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/campaign_selected/field13-final.png"></a>
  </div>
</div>


### CSV/JSON files

To enable the community to create custom field visualisations,
the coordinates in the footprint plots shown above
have been exported to machine-readable CSV and JSON text files.
These files specify the coordinates of the corners of each CCD channel
in each campaign, along with the observing dates and module numbers.
The JSON files also provide galactic coordinates.

Campaigns 0 through 13:

* [k2-footprint.json](https://github.com/KeplerGO/K2FootprintFiles/raw/master/json/k2-footprint.json)
* [k2-footprint.csv](https://github.com/KeplerGO/K2FootprintFiles/raw/master/csv/k2-footprint.csv)

Campaigns 14 through 17:

* [k2-footprint-proposed.json](https://github.com/KeplerGO/K2FootprintFiles/raw/master/json/k2-footprint-proposed.json) **(preliminary!)**
* [k2-footprint-proposed.csv](https://github.com/KeplerGO/K2FootprintFiles/raw/master/csv/k2-footprint-proposed.csv) **(preliminary!)**

<br/>
***Usage of the JSON files***

Files in the JSON format can easily be read into a Python script using the
standard *json* module. For example:

    import json
    footprint_dictionary = json.load(open("k2-footprint.json"))

The dictionary obtained in this way may then be used to 
plot the position of a CCD channel on the sky.
For example, the position of channel #10 in Campaign 13
can be visualised as follows:

    import matplotlib.pyplot as pl
    mychannel = footprint_dictionary["c13"]["channels"]["10"]
    pl.plot(mychannel["corners_ra"] + mychannel["corners_ra"][:1],
            mychannel["corners_dec"] + mychannel["corners_dec"][:1])
    pl.show()

Beware however that a plot obtained in this way approximates channel edges
as straight lines in the 2D-projected sky.


### MOC files

In addition to the JSON and CSV files described above,
we also offer sky coverage information in the MOC data format.
MOC is a HealPix-based VO standard which can be opened using the
[Aladin interactive sky atlas](http://aladin.u-strasbg.fr),
where it can be used to query remote databases given a K2 footprint.

The MOC files, one for each Campaign, can be downloaded from
[a GitHub repository](https://github.com/KeplerGO/K2FootprintFiles/tree/master/moc).

### K2fov software

The K2fov tool enables the community to plot K2's field of view and test
whether targets fall within a campaign field using a Python script.
See the <a href="software.html#k2fov">installation and usage instructions</a>
on the software page.

Commit message:

Advertise K2fov + K2ephem and improve page structure

content/pages/k2-observing/k2-campaign-fields.md, after:

Title: K2 Campaign fields
Save_as: k2-fields.html

[TOC]

Each K2 Campaign has a duration of approximately 80 days 
and remains fixed upon a single boresight position. 
This page details the previous, current, and future K2 Campaign fields.

## Campaigns overview

### Observed and planned

<a href="images/k2/fieldsFor2017.v3.png"><img src="images/k2/fieldsFor2017.v3.png" class="img-responsive" alt="K2 campaign fields on the sky"></a>

<div class="panel panel-primary">
  <div class="panel-heading">
    <h3 class="panel-title">Field dates and positions</h3>
  </div>
  <div class="panel-body">


<table class="table table-striped table-hover" style="font-size: 0.77em;">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="vertical-align: middle;">Field</th>
      <th style="vertical-align: middle;">Start</th>
      <th style="vertical-align: middle;">Stop</th>
      <th style="vertical-align: middle;">Data<br>available</th>
      <th style="vertical-align: middle;">RA</th>
      <th style="vertical-align: middle;">Dec</th>
      <th style="vertical-align: middle;" class="text-center">Target<br>list</th>
      <th style="vertical-align: middle;" class="text-center">Release<br>notes</th>
      <th style="vertical-align: middle;">Comments</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>

  <tdata>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c0">0</a></td>
      <td>2014&nbsp;Mar&nbsp;08</td>
      <td>2014&nbsp;May&nbsp;27</td>
      <td>2014&nbsp;Sep&nbsp;08</td>
      <td>06:33:11</td>
      <td>+21:35:16</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-approved-programs.html#campaign-0"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-data-release-notes.html#k2-campaign-0"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td style="min-width: 12em;">
        Near Galactic Anti-center, M35, NGC 2158
      </td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c1">1</a></td>
      <td>2014&nbsp;May&nbsp;30</td>
      <td>2014&nbsp;Aug&nbsp;21</td>
      <td>2014&nbsp;Dec&nbsp;23</td>
      <td>11:35:46</td>
      <td>+01:25:02</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-approved-programs.html#campaign-1"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-data-release-notes.html#k2-campaign-1"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td>North Galactic Cap</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c2">2</a></td>
      <td>2014 Aug 23</td>
      <td>2014 Nov 13</td>
      <td>2015 Mar 16</td>
      <td>16:24:30</td>
      <td>-22:26:50</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-approved-programs.html#campaign-2"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-data-release-notes.html#k2-campaign-2"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td>Near Gal Center, M4, M80, M19, Upr Sco, &rho; Oph</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c3">3</a></td>
      <td>2014 Nov 14</td>
      <td>2015 Feb 03</td>
      <td>2015 Jul 17</td>
      <td>22:26:40</td>
      <td>-11:05:48</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-approved-programs.html#campaign-3"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-data-release-notes.html#k2-campaign-3"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td>South Galactic Cap, Neptune</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c4">4</a></td>
      <td>2015 Feb 07</td>
      <td>2015 Apr 23</td>
      <td>2015 Sep 04</td>
      <td>03:56:18</td>
      <td>+18:39:38</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-approved-programs.html#campaign-4"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-data-release-notes.html#k2-campaign-4"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td>M45 (Pleiades), NGC1647, Hyades</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c5">5</a></td>
      <td>2015 Apr 27</td>
      <td>2015 Jul 10</td>
      <td>2015 Oct 29</td>
      <td>08:40:38</td>
      <td>+16:49:47</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-approved-programs.html#campaign-5"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-data-release-notes.html#k2-campaign-5"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td>M44 (Beehive), M67</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c6">6</a></td>
      <td>2015 Jul 14</td>
      <td>2015 Sep 30</td>
      <td>2016 Jan 25</td>
      <td>13:39:28</td>
      <td>-11:17:43</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-approved-programs.html#campaign-6"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td class="text-center"></td>
      <td>North Galactic Cap</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c7">7</a></td>
      <td>2015 Oct 04</td>
      <td>2015 Dec 26</td>
      <td>2016 Mar 28</td>
      <td>19:11:19</td>
      <td>-23:21:36</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-approved-programs.html#campaign-7"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">

      </td>
      <td>Near Galactic Center, NGC 6717, Pluto</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c8">8</a></td>
      <td>2016 Jan 03</td>
      <td>2016 Mar 23</td>
      <td>2016 Jun 19</td>
      <td>01:05:21</td>
      <td>+05:15:44</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        <a href="k2-approved-programs.html#campaign-8"><i class="fa fa-check"></i></a>
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td>Uranus, IC1613</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c9">9</a><sup>†</sup></td>
      <td>2016 Apr 07</td>
      <td>2016 Jul 01</td>
      <td>2016 Sep 26</td>
      <td>18:01:25</td>
      <td>-21:46:47</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td>Gal Center, M21, M18, M25, M8, Earth, Mars</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c10">10</a></td>
      <td>2016 Jul 06</td>
      <td>2016 Sep 20</td>
      <td>2016 Dec 22</td>
      <td>12:27:07</td>
      <td>-04:01:38</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td>North Galactic Cap</td>
    </tr>

 <tr>
      <td><a href="#c11">11</a></td>
      <td>2016 Sep 24</td>
      <td>2016 Dec 08</td>
      <td>2017 Mar 13</td>
      <td>17:21:33</td>
      <td>-23:58:33</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td>Galactic Center, Saturn</td>
      </tr>

  <tr>
      <td><a href="#c12">12</a></td>
      <td>2016 Dec 15</td>
      <td>2017 Mar 04</td>
      <td>2017 May 28</td>
      <td>23:26:43</td>
      <td>-05:05:44</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td>South Galactic Cap, Chiron, Mars</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td><a href="#c13">13</a></td>
      <td>2017 Mar 08</td>
      <td>2017 May 27</td>
      <td>2017 Aug 26</td>
      <td>04:51:11</td>
      <td>+20:47:11</td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td class="text-center">
        
      </td>
      <td>Hyades, Taurus</td>
    </tr>

  </tdata>
</table>

  <p>
  <b><sup>†</sup>Note:</b> field 9 is a forward-facing campaign (+VV), enabling simultaneous observations to be made from the ground.
  </p>

  </div>
</div>


<hr>

### Future (preliminary)

<p>
The fields below indicate fields being considered for Campaign 14 and beyond. 
The coordinates are not final and <i>will</i> change to optimize science
and accommodate engineering constraints (e.g. the availability of guide stars).
</p>

<p>
We encourage the community to provide input on the placement of these fields.
</p>

<a href="images/k2/proposed-future-fields.png"><img src="images/k2/proposed-future-fields.png" class="img-responsive"></a>

<div class="panel panel-primary">
  <div class="panel-heading">
    <h3 class="panel-title">Proposed future fields</h3>
  </div>
  <div class="panel-body">

<table class="table table-striped table-hover" style="font-size: 0.9em;">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Field</th>
      <th>Start after<sup>†</sup></th>
      <th>End before<sup>†</sup></th>
      <th>RA (J2000)</th>
      <th>Dec (J2000)</th>
      <th>Comments</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tdata>
    <tr>
      <td>14</td>
      <td>2017 May 31</td>
      <td>2017 Aug 19</td>
      <td>10:39:52.08</td>
      <td>+07:07:56.5</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>15</td>
      <td>2017 Aug 23</td>
      <td>2017 Nov 08</td>
      <td>15:26:24.31</td>
      <td>-19:36:29.5</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>16</td>
      <td>2017 Nov 20</td>
      <td>2018 Feb 9</td>
      <td>21:23:59.19</td>
      <td>-16:27:21.4</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>17<sup>††</sup></td>
      <td>2018 Feb 1</td>
      <td>2018 Apr 22</td>
      <td>12:33:23.94</td>
      <td>-01:57:31.2</td>
      <td>Forward-facing</td>
    </tr>
  </tdata>
</table>
<p>
<b><sup>†</sup>Note:</b> the dates shown are the <i>earliest possible</i> start dates, and the <i>latest possible</i> end dates.  The feasible date ranges of these campaigns overlap slightly to allow for some flexibility
in the final choice of dates and positions.</p>
<p>
<b><sup>††</sup>Note:</b> field 17 is proposed to be a forward-facing campaign (+VV), enabling simultaneous observations to be made from the ground
during the campaign.
</p>

  </div>
</div>

<hr/>


## Target selection tools

The [K2fov Python package](https://github.com/KeplerGO/K2fov) enables the community to test whether targets fall within a campaign field,
while its sister [K2ephem package](https://github.com/KeplerGO/K2ephem)
allows moving Solar System bodies to be checked.

You can learn more about the installation and usage of these tools [on the software page](software.html).

<hr/>


## Visualizations

<div class="row">
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c0">Campaign 0</b>
    <a href="images/k2/field0-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/k2/field0-final.png"></a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c1">Campaign 1</b>
    <a href="images/k2/field1-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/k2/field1-final.png"></a>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="row">
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c2">Campaign 2</b>
    <a href="images/k2/field2-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/k2/field2-final.png"></a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c3">Campaign 3</b>
    <a href="images/k2/field3-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/k2/field3-final.png"></a>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="row">
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c4">Campaign 4</b>
    <a href="images/k2/field4-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/k2/field4-final.png"></a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c5">Campaign 5</b>
    <a href="images/k2/field5-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/k2/field5-final.png"></a>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="row">
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c6">Campaign 6</b>
    <a href="images/k2/field6-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/k2/field6-final.png"></a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c7">Campaign 7</b>
    <a href="images/k2/field7-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/k2/field7-final.png"></a>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="row">
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c8">Campaign 8</b>
    <a href="images/k2/field8-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/k2/field8-final.png"></a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c9">Campaign 9</b>
    <a href="images/campaign_selected/field9-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/campaign_selected/field9-final.png"></a>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="row">
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c10">Campaign 10</b>
    <a href="images/campaign_selected/field10-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/campaign_selected/field10-final.png"></a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c11">Campaign 11</b>
    <a href="images/campaign_selected/field11-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/campaign_selected/field11-final.png"></a>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="row">
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c12">Campaign 12</b>
    <a href="images/campaign_selected/field12-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/campaign_selected/field12-final.png"></a>
  </div>
  <div class="col-lg-6">
    <b id="c13">Campaign 13</b>
    <a href="images/campaign_selected/field13-final.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="images/campaign_selected/field13-final.png"></a>
  </div>
</div>

<hr/>


## Machine-readable files

### Text format

To enable the community to create custom field visualisations,
the coordinates in the footprint plots shown above
have been exported to machine-readable CSV and JSON text files.
These files specify the coordinates of the corners of each CCD channel
in each campaign, along with the observing dates and module numbers.
The JSON files also provide galactic coordinates.

Campaigns 0 through 13:

* [k2-footprint.json](https://github.com/KeplerGO/K2FootprintFiles/raw/master/json/k2-footprint.json)
* [k2-footprint.csv](https://github.com/KeplerGO/K2FootprintFiles/raw/master/csv/k2-footprint.csv)

Campaigns 14 through 17:

* [k2-footprint-proposed.json](https://github.com/KeplerGO/K2FootprintFiles/raw/master/json/k2-footprint-proposed.json) **(preliminary!)**
* [k2-footprint-proposed.csv](https://github.com/KeplerGO/K2FootprintFiles/raw/master/csv/k2-footprint-proposed.csv) **(preliminary!)**

<br/>
***Usage of the JSON files***

Files in the JSON format can easily be read into a Python script using the
standard *json* module. For example:

    import json
    footprint_dictionary = json.load(open("k2-footprint.json"))

The dictionary obtained in this way may then be used to 
plot the position of a CCD channel on the sky.
For example, the position of channel #10 in Campaign 13
can be visualised as follows:

    import matplotlib.pyplot as pl
    mychannel = footprint_dictionary["c13"]["channels"]["10"]
    pl.plot(mychannel["corners_ra"] + mychannel["corners_ra"][:1],
            mychannel["corners_dec"] + mychannel["corners_dec"][:1])
    pl.show()

Beware however that a plot obtained in this way approximates channel edges
as straight lines in the 2D-projected sky.


### MOC format

In addition to the JSON and CSV files described above,
we also offer sky coverage information in the MOC data format.
MOC is a HealPix-based VO standard which can be opened using the
[Aladin interactive sky atlas](http://aladin.u-strasbg.fr),
where it can be used to query remote databases given a K2 footprint.

The MOC files, one for each Campaign, can be downloaded from
[a GitHub repository](https://github.com/KeplerGO/K2FootprintFiles/tree/master/moc).
