content/pages/the-missions/kepk2con.md, before:

Title: Kepler & K2 Science Conference IV
Save_as: scicon4/index.html

[TOC]

<img class="img-responsive" style="max-width:100%;" src="../images/KepSciConf-IV-2017_title-block_slide-web_no-legsci.png">
*Image Credit: NASA ARC/W. Stenzel*

Welcome to the home page of the Kepler & K2 Science Conference IV! Over the past 8 years, high-precision photometry from the Kepler/K2 mission has enabled breakthrough discoveries in exoplanet science, asteroseismology, eclipsing binary stars, solar-system objects, and extragalactic science. To celebrate the legacy and latest science results of Kepler/K2 we invite the community to the 4th Kepler & K2 Science Conference, hosted at NASA’s Ames Research Center in Moffett Field, CA. We welcome contributions from any area of science related to the Kepler/K2 mission, as well as related future missions such as TESS. We are looking forward to celebrating the Kepler/K2 science and legacy with the community!

<div>
<img border="1" src='../images/twitter.png' width="30" height="30" style="float: left;">
<b> Check back here for updates or follow the conversation on Twitter (<a
href="https://twitter.com/search?q=%23KeplerSciCon">#KeplerSciCon</a>).</b>
<div style="clear: both;"></div>
</div>

### Important Dates 

<table class="table table-striped table-hover" style="max-width:55em;">

  <tr>
    <td style="width: 9em;">26 Jan 2017</td>
    <td style="width: 20em;"> registration and abstract submission open </td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td style="width: 9em;">31 Mar 2017</td>
    <td style="width: 20em;"> abstract submission deadline </td>
	</tr>

  <tr>
    <td style="width: 9em;">31 Mar 2017</td>
    <td style="width: 20em;"> registration deadline for Foreign
    Nationals and employees of Chinese Entities </td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td style="width: 9em;">15 May 2017</td>
    <td style="width: 20em;"> registration deadline for U.S. Citizens
    & Permanent Residents </td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td style="width: 9em;">19-23 Jun 2017</td>
    <td style="width: 20em;"> Kepler &amp; K2 Science Conference IV </td>
	</tr>
	
</table>

### Registration & Abstract Submission

*The SOC and LOC are committed to enabling the broadest possible participation by members of the Kepler/K2 community. If you have any questions or concerns regarding your ability to attend please contact the SOC and LOC chairs (Eric Agol at agol@astro.washington.edu, Daniel Huber at huberd@hawaii.edu, and Mark Messersmith at mark.d.messersmith@nasa.gov).*
 
**[Click here to register for the conference](http://catcopy.ipac.caltech.edu/ksc2017/registration.php)**. There is no registration
fee. When registering, we ask that all participants read and agree
with the <a
href='../code.html'>code of conduct</a>. Upon registering,
participants can also volunteer to judge
a poster competition and/or give a public lecture
the week of the conference. Winners of the poster competition have the
opportunity to give short talks about their results in a dedicated
session in the second half of the conference. Poster judges will rank
posters of conference participants who agreed to enter the
competition. Additional details on the poster competition are
forthcoming. Also, the opportunity to give a public lecture
is open to people at all professional
levels (graduate students, postdocs, etc.).

**[Click here to submit an abstract for the conference](http://catcopy.ipac.caltech.edu/ksc2017/abstract.php)**. Multiple
  abstract submissions are allowed. Note that Wednesday afternoon
  (June 21) has been reserved for breakout sessions to enable the
  community to discuss and work on Kepler/K2 related projects. We
  envision that these sessions will be more hands-on ("unconference"
  sessions) compared to traditional talks, ideally with broad interest
  to the community. Examples for breakout sessions could include panel
  discussions, hack activities, work meetings of larger
  collaborations, or tutorials to use data/software products related
  to Kepler/K2. To submit a proposal for a breakout session please
  select the appropriate abstract preference during registration.

### Travel Support

Limited financial support for travel expenses is available for those
who would otherwise be unable to attend the conference. Special
consideration will be given to graduate students and postdoctoral
associates. Priority will be given to requests placed on or before the
deadline for abstract submissions (March 31, 2017). Late requests will
be accepted but will be limited by the availability of funds.

Depending upon the demonstrated need and the volume of requests, awarded support (in the form of expense reimbursement) may include one or more of the following:

* Lodging
* Meals
* Airfare
* Ground Transportation

**[Click here to submit a request for travel support](https://goo.gl/forms/vsrCGGcdNTqqHFF92)**.
 Decisions for requests submitted before March 31 will be made by April 15.


### Conference Agenda

This conference will showcase results from the Kepler and K2 missions
that span all topics in astrophysics and planetary science. The
confirmed invited speakers include:

* Angie Wolfgang, Penn State
* Armin Rest, STScI
* Calen Henderson, JPL
* Chris Burke, NASA Ames
* Conny Aerts, KU Leuven
* Dave Latham, Harvard-Smithsonian CfA
* Dennis Stello, UNSW Australia
* Eric Mamajek, JPL
* Jason Rowe, Université de Montréal
* Jennifer Johnson, OSU
* Jennifer van Saders, Carnegie
* Luisa Rebull, Caltech
* Ruth Murray Clay, UCSC
* Susan Thompson, NASA Ames

#### Participant List

<a href='../participants.html'>A list of registered participants can
be found here</a>.

#### Presenter Information

Details coming soon.

### Venue 

The conference will be held in the
<a href='https://www.google.com/maps/place/NASA+Ames+Conference+Center-NACC,+Building+152,+200+Bailey+Rd,+Mountain+View,+CA+94043/@37.4075789,-122.059327,17z'>NASA Ames Conference Center (Building 152)</a>,
in Mountain View, California.

Access to NASA Ames requires a valid form of ID to be shown at the
main gate. Non US-citizens will be required to pick up a badge at the
<a href='https://www.google.com/maps/@37.4098037,-122.063085,19z'>main
gate</a>.

#### Travel Information

The nearest airport is the San Jose International Airport (SJC).
The nearest alternative to SJC is San Francisco International Airport
(SFO).  While a bit further, flying into Oakland International Airport (OAK) is
also another option.
We recommend hiring a rental car or using the Uber or Lyft apps
for transportation from the airport. 

#### Lodging Options

Lodging on-site is available on a first-come, first-served basis. On-site accommodation is available at the <a href='http://naccenter.arc.nasa.gov/links.php#lodge'>NASA Lodge</a>,
which offers affordable rooms with private bath, microwave, and refrigerator
in one of two buildings:

* <a href='https://www.google.com/maps/place/Nasa+Exchange+Lodge/@37.4108933,-122.0594741,18z'>Building 19</a>
  offers queen-sized beds with tv and airconditioning at $65/night;
* <a href='https://www.google.com/maps/place/NASA+Exchange+Lodge+-+583A,+583A+Dailey+Rd,+Mountain+View,+CA+94043/@37.4085436,-122.0566298,18.25z'>Building 583</a>
 offers double or twin beds without tv or airconditioning at $55/night.

Bookings need to be made by phone on **+1 650 603 7100**,
mentioning you are a participant of the "Kepler Science Conference"
at the conference center.
You will need to provide a credit card number
along with your name, cell phone number, and email.

**Be aware that the NASA lodging fills up quickly in the summer due to
student interns, so we recommend calling as soon as possible to book a
room at the NASA lodge.**

Alternatively, the conference center provides a <a href='http://naccenter.arc.nasa.gov/links.php#hotel'>list of local hotels</a>.
Those nearest to Ames are the <a href='http://www.countyinn.com'>County Inn</a>
and the <a href='http://hamptoninn3.hilton.com'>Hampton Inn &amp; Suites</a>.
These options are more expensive but are located closer to downtown Mountain View,
which provides ample restaurant options.

Additional details coming
soon.

### Remote Attendance

Details coming soon.

### Code of Conduct

We expect all attendees to agree with and abide by our <a
href='../code.html'>code of conduct</a>.  Upon registration, attendees will be
asked to click a box to confirm that they agree with this code.  If you have concerns, suggestions, or would like to report a
violation, please contact Mark D. Messersmith at 650-793-5722 or Jessie Dotson at 650-701-7040.

### Organizing Committees

*** Scientific Organizing Committee *** </br>

* Eric Agol, University of Washington (co-Chair)
* Daniel Huber, University of Hawaii (co-Chair)
* Natalie Batalha, NASA Ames Research Center (Kepler Project Scientist)
* Jessie Dotson, NASA Ames Research Center (K2 Project Scientist)
* Thomas Barclay, NASA Ames Research Center (Kepler/K2 Guest Observer Office Director)
* Jessie Christiansen, NASA Exoplanet Science Institute
* JJ Hermes, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill
* Marc Pinsonneault, The Ohio State University
* Erin Ryan, SETI Institute
* Karl Stapelfeldt, NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory
* Rachel Street, Las Cumbres Observatory Global Telescope Network
* Brad Tucker, Australian National University

*** Local Organizing Committee *** </br>

* Mark Messersmith, NASA Ames Research Center (Chair)
* Knicole Colón, NASA Goddard Space Flight Center
* Ellen O'Leary, NASA Exoplanet Science Institute
* Wendy Stenzel, NASA Ames Research Center
* Geert Barentsen, NASA Ames Research Center

### Contact

Any questions should be sent to [ARC-KeplerSciCon@mail.nasa.gov](mailto:ARC-KeplerSciCon@mail.nasa.gov).

### Sponsors

<div class="row">
  <div class="col-lg-2">
    <a href="../images/Ball_Logo_Blue.jpg"><img class="img-responsive" src="../images/Ball_Logo_Blue.jpg"></a>
	</div>
	 <div class="col-lg-4">
    <a href="../images/KBRwyle.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="../images/KBRwyle.png"></a>
  </div>

</div>

Commit message:

update lodging info on conference page

content/pages/the-missions/kepk2con.md, after:

Title: Kepler & K2 Science Conference IV
Save_as: scicon4/index.html

[TOC]

<img class="img-responsive" style="max-width:100%;" src="../images/KepSciConf-IV-2017_title-block_slide-web_no-legsci.png">
*Image Credit: NASA ARC/W. Stenzel*

Welcome to the home page of the Kepler & K2 Science Conference IV! Over the past 8 years, high-precision photometry from the Kepler/K2 mission has enabled breakthrough discoveries in exoplanet science, asteroseismology, eclipsing binary stars, solar-system objects, and extragalactic science. To celebrate the legacy and latest science results of Kepler/K2 we invite the community to the 4th Kepler & K2 Science Conference, hosted at NASA’s Ames Research Center in Moffett Field, CA. We welcome contributions from any area of science related to the Kepler/K2 mission, as well as related future missions such as TESS. We are looking forward to celebrating the Kepler/K2 science and legacy with the community!

<div>
<img border="1" src='../images/twitter.png' width="30" height="30" style="float: left;">
<b> Check back here for updates or follow the conversation on Twitter (<a
href="https://twitter.com/search?q=%23KeplerSciCon">#KeplerSciCon</a>).</b>
<div style="clear: both;"></div>
</div>

### Important Dates 

<table class="table table-striped table-hover" style="max-width:55em;">

  <tr>
    <td style="width: 9em;">26 Jan 2017</td>
    <td style="width: 20em;"> registration and abstract submission open </td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td style="width: 9em;">31 Mar 2017</td>
    <td style="width: 20em;"> abstract submission deadline </td>
	</tr>

  <tr>
    <td style="width: 9em;">31 Mar 2017</td>
    <td style="width: 20em;"> registration deadline for Foreign
    Nationals and employees of Chinese Entities </td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td style="width: 9em;">15 May 2017</td>
    <td style="width: 20em;"> registration deadline for U.S. Citizens
    & Permanent Residents </td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td style="width: 9em;">19-23 Jun 2017</td>
    <td style="width: 20em;"> Kepler &amp; K2 Science Conference IV </td>
	</tr>
	
</table>

### Registration & Abstract Submission

*The SOC and LOC are committed to enabling the broadest possible participation by members of the Kepler/K2 community. If you have any questions or concerns regarding your ability to attend please contact the SOC and LOC chairs (Eric Agol at agol@astro.washington.edu, Daniel Huber at huberd@hawaii.edu, and Mark Messersmith at mark.d.messersmith@nasa.gov).*
 
**[Click here to register for the conference](http://catcopy.ipac.caltech.edu/ksc2017/registration.php)**. There is no registration
fee. When registering, we ask that all participants read and agree
with the <a
href='../code.html'>code of conduct</a>. Upon registering,
participants can also volunteer to judge
a poster competition and/or give a public lecture
the week of the conference. Winners of the poster competition have the
opportunity to give short talks about their results in a dedicated
session in the second half of the conference. Poster judges will rank
posters of conference participants who agreed to enter the
competition. Additional details on the poster competition are
forthcoming. Also, the opportunity to give a public lecture
is open to people at all professional
levels (graduate students, postdocs, etc.).

**[Click here to submit an abstract for the conference](http://catcopy.ipac.caltech.edu/ksc2017/abstract.php)**. Multiple
  abstract submissions are allowed. Note that Wednesday afternoon
  (June 21) has been reserved for breakout sessions to enable the
  community to discuss and work on Kepler/K2 related projects. We
  envision that these sessions will be more hands-on ("unconference"
  sessions) compared to traditional talks, ideally with broad interest
  to the community. Examples for breakout sessions could include panel
  discussions, hack activities, work meetings of larger
  collaborations, or tutorials to use data/software products related
  to Kepler/K2. To submit a proposal for a breakout session please
  select the appropriate abstract preference during registration.

### Travel Support

Limited financial support for travel expenses is available for those
who would otherwise be unable to attend the conference. Special
consideration will be given to graduate students and postdoctoral
associates. Priority will be given to requests placed on or before the
deadline for abstract submissions (March 31, 2017). Late requests will
be accepted but will be limited by the availability of funds.

Depending upon the demonstrated need and the volume of requests, awarded support (in the form of expense reimbursement) may include one or more of the following:

* Lodging
* Meals
* Airfare
* Ground Transportation

**[Click here to submit a request for travel support](https://goo.gl/forms/vsrCGGcdNTqqHFF92)**.
 Decisions for requests submitted before March 31 will be made by April 15.


### Conference Agenda

This conference will showcase results from the Kepler and K2 missions
that span all topics in astrophysics and planetary science. The
confirmed invited speakers include:

* Angie Wolfgang, Penn State
* Armin Rest, STScI
* Calen Henderson, JPL
* Chris Burke, NASA Ames
* Conny Aerts, KU Leuven
* Dave Latham, Harvard-Smithsonian CfA
* Dennis Stello, UNSW Australia
* Eric Mamajek, JPL
* Jason Rowe, Université de Montréal
* Jennifer Johnson, OSU
* Jennifer van Saders, Carnegie
* Luisa Rebull, Caltech
* Ruth Murray Clay, UCSC
* Susan Thompson, NASA Ames

#### Participant List

<a href='../participants.html'>A list of registered participants can
be found here</a>.

#### Presenter Information

Details coming soon.

### Venue 

The conference will be held in the
<a href='https://www.google.com/maps/place/NASA+Ames+Conference+Center-NACC,+Building+152,+200+Bailey+Rd,+Mountain+View,+CA+94043/@37.4075789,-122.059327,17z'>NASA Ames Conference Center (Building 152)</a>,
in Mountain View, California.

Access to NASA Ames requires a valid form of ID to be shown at the
main gate. Non US-citizens will be required to pick up a badge at the
<a href='https://www.google.com/maps/@37.4098037,-122.063085,19z'>main
gate</a>.

#### Travel Information

The nearest airport is the San Jose International Airport (SJC).
The nearest alternative to SJC is San Francisco International Airport
(SFO).  While a bit further, flying into Oakland International Airport (OAK) is
also another option.
We recommend hiring a rental car or using the Uber or Lyft apps
for transportation from the airport. 

#### Lodging Options

Lodging on-site is available on a first-come, first-served basis. On-site accommodation is available at the <a href='http://naccenter.arc.nasa.gov/links.php#lodge'>NASA Lodge</a>,
which offers affordable rooms with private bath, microwave, and refrigerator
in one of two buildings:

* <a href='https://www.google.com/maps/place/Nasa+Exchange+Lodge/@37.4108933,-122.0594741,18z'>Building 19</a>
  offers queen-sized beds with tv and airconditioning at $65/night;
* <a href='https://www.google.com/maps/place/NASA+Exchange+Lodge+-+583A,+583A+Dailey+Rd,+Mountain+View,+CA+94043/@37.4085436,-122.0566298,18.25z'>Building 583</a>
 offers double or twin beds without tv or airconditioning at $55/night.

Bookings need to be made by phone on **+1 650 603 7100**,
mentioning you are a participant of the "Kepler Science Conference"
at the conference center.
You will need to provide a credit card number
along with your name, cell phone number, and email.

**Due to the presence of student interns in the summer and ongoing
renovations in Building 19, rooms at the NASA lodge are likely no
longer available at this time.**

Alternatively, the conference center provides a <a
href='http://naccenter.arc.nasa.gov/links.php#hotel'>list of local
hotels</a>. Some hotel options are below along with the distances from the hotel to the conference center:

* <a href='http://www.countyinn.com'>County Inn</a>, 850 Leong Drive,
  Mountain View, CA 94043 (650-961-1131) (~1.2 miles)
* <a href='http://www.ramadasiliconvalley.com/'> Ramada Mountain
  View</a>, 55 Fairchild Drive, Mountain View, CA 94043 (650-967-6856)
  (~1.4 miles)
* <a href='http://www.qualityinnmountainview.com/'> Quality Inn &
  Suites</a>, 5 Fairchild Drive, Mountain View, CA 94043
  (650-934-0155) (~1.4 miles)
* <a href='http://hamptoninn3.hilton.com/en/hotels/california/hampton-inn-and-suites-mountain-view-NUQCAHX/index.html'> Hampton Inn & Suites</a>, 390 Moffett Boulevard, Mountain View, CA 94043 (650-988-0300) (~1.7 miles)
* <a
  href='http://www.oakwood.com/furnished-apartments/furnished/US/CA/Mountain-View/prop17.html'>
  Oakwood</a>, 555 W Middlefield Road, Mountain View, CA
  (877-715-7696) (~1.7 miles) 
  *(note: these are extended stay apartments and prefer to have people staying at least five nights)*

### Remote Attendance

Details coming soon.

### Code of Conduct

We expect all attendees to agree with and abide by our <a
href='../code.html'>code of conduct</a>.  Upon registration, attendees will be
asked to click a box to confirm that they agree with this code.  If you have concerns, suggestions, or would like to report a
violation, please contact Mark D. Messersmith at 650-793-5722 or Jessie Dotson at 650-701-7040.

### Organizing Committees

*** Scientific Organizing Committee *** </br>

* Eric Agol, University of Washington (co-Chair)
* Daniel Huber, University of Hawaii (co-Chair)
* Natalie Batalha, NASA Ames Research Center (Kepler Project Scientist)
* Jessie Dotson, NASA Ames Research Center (K2 Project Scientist)
* Thomas Barclay, NASA Ames Research Center (Kepler/K2 Guest Observer Office Director)
* Jessie Christiansen, NASA Exoplanet Science Institute
* JJ Hermes, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill
* Marc Pinsonneault, The Ohio State University
* Erin Ryan, SETI Institute
* Karl Stapelfeldt, NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory
* Rachel Street, Las Cumbres Observatory Global Telescope Network
* Brad Tucker, Australian National University

*** Local Organizing Committee *** </br>

* Mark Messersmith, NASA Ames Research Center (Chair)
* Knicole Colón, NASA Goddard Space Flight Center
* Ellen O'Leary, NASA Exoplanet Science Institute
* Wendy Stenzel, NASA Ames Research Center
* Geert Barentsen, NASA Ames Research Center

### Contact

Any questions should be sent to [ARC-KeplerSciCon@mail.nasa.gov](mailto:ARC-KeplerSciCon@mail.nasa.gov).

### Sponsors

<div class="row">
  <div class="col-lg-2">
    <a href="../images/Ball_Logo_Blue.jpg"><img class="img-responsive" src="../images/Ball_Logo_Blue.jpg"></a>
	</div>
	 <div class="col-lg-4">
    <a href="../images/KBRwyle.png"><img class="img-responsive" src="../images/KBRwyle.png"></a>
  </div>

</div>
